NOTE: A status of "SPLIT" indicates that the item was split into
finer-grain items, and is now obsolete.

Item	Who	Status	Description

1.	mike	Done	Review Colin's space bank code -- see if we
			can use it 
2.	mike	Done	Let me know if we need multiple sleepers on a
			semaphore 
3.	mike		Finish linux port of splash2
4.	mike		Build simple versions of printf and friends
5.	mike		rip out getopt, put args in input file instead.
6.	mike	Done	revise call/echo to be test case for seg
			keeper invocation. 
7.	shap	Partial	Implement domain key
8.	shap	Done	Implement domain tool key
9.	shap	Done	Revise semaphore for multiple sleepers/wakeup
10.	shap	SPLIT	Finish IDE driver read/write
11.	shap		Verify that fault/resume keys work
13.	shap		fresh segment keeper
14.	shap		IPL startup domain
14.	shap		keyboard input implementation
15.	shap		mkimage -- add facilities to build segments
			that do not include BSS space.
16.	shap		mkimage -- add support for red segment
			construction.
17.	mike		define simple semaphore and shared memory
			interfaces. Revise current benchmarks to use
			them.
18.	shap		ageing and pageout -- extend current stuff
19.	shap		checkpoint
20.	shap		restart from checkpoint
21.	shap		disk partitioning domain
22.	shap		EROS partition formatter
23.	???		Supernode
24.	???		Domain Builder
25.	shap		Implement EROS library stubs for EROS
			semaphore and shared memory support.
26.	shap		Fresh segment keeper.
27.	shap		Verify kernel support for red segments
28.	shap		Define seg keeper invocation convention.
29.	mike		Build trivial segment keeper that just reports
			it's arguments via console key.  This will
			require printf.
30.	shap	Done	domain creator test for make domain key order
31.	shap	Done	support for node and semaphore creation to
			mkimage
32.	???		semaphore test
33.	mike	Done	Revise freelist implementation in SpaceBank
			(add freeptr, convert to bitmap)
34.	shap		Revise space bank to handle multiple ranges
35.     shap	Done	Revise DomTool per Norm's email to eliminate
			weird split between start/resume keys.
36.	shap	DEFER	Figure out how to do sleep counts in the face
			of wakeup -- perhaps a field in the Thread structure?
37.	shap	DEFER	Convert thread status to flags word
38.	shap	Done	Revise semaphore to allow sleeps and wakeups
			to proceed in either order.
39.	shap	Done	Fix all fault handlers for kernel-mode faults;
			they still don't grok nested interrupts.
40.	shap	Done	Define domain keeper invocation convention.
			=> Inbound msg is DomCtlInfo structure
41.	shap		Find and nail ramdisk startup timing bug.  I
			suspect it's a race in Persist::DoObjectRead
			with one of the cleaners.
42.	shap	Done	Build trivial domain keeper that just reports
			it's arguments via console key.
43.	shap	Done	Finish domain keeper invocation debugging.
44.	shap		Hard-disk bootstrap code
45.	shap	Done	Finish IDE driver read
46.	shap		Finish IDE driver write

THINGS TO MEASURE

Run times by domain, by thread
Page faults by domain, by thread, overall
Context switches
Node faults by domain, by thread, overall
Lock contention.
